README.md, before:

# DAI Plugin for Visual Studio Code

This extension provides syntax highlighting and code snippets for plugins

## Features

- Syntax highlighting for plugin files (\*.plugin)
- Syntax highlighting of DAI keywords for c files
- Plugin Segment completion
- Snippets for plugin-poing insertions in plugin and c files

<!-- For example if there is an image subfolder under your extension project workspace:

\!\[feature X\]\(images/feature-x.png\) -->

> Note: This extension is still in preview.

### Code Snippet - defining plugin point in plugin file

<p align="center">
  <br />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vivekvjn/dai-plugin/master/images/docs/plugin-point-define.gif" alt="Plugin Point - define" />
  <br />
</p>

### Code Snippet - inserting plugin point in C file

<p align="center">
  <br />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vivekvjn/dai-plugin/master/images/docs/plugin-point-insert.gif" alt="Plugin Point - insert" />
  <br />
</p>

<!-- ## Requirements

TODO -->

## Coming Soon

- Code Intellisense in plugin files

<!-- ## Extension Settings

Include if your extension adds any VS Code settings through the `contributes.configuration` extension point.

For example:

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `myExtension.enable`: enable/disable this extension
* `myExtension.thing`: set to `blah` to do something
-->

<!-- ## Known Issues

Calling out known issues can help limit users opening duplicate issues against your extension.
-->

---

<!-- ## Working with Markdown

**Note:** You can author your README using Visual Studio Code.  Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

* Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux)
* Toggle preview (`Shift+CMD+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux)
* Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux) or `Cmd+Space` (macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets

### For more information

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/) -->

**Enjoy!**

Commit message:

chore: automated release branching and changelog with 'npm run release'

README.md, after:

# DAI Plugin for Visual Studio Code

This extension provides syntax highlighting and code snippets for plugins

## Features

- Syntax highlighting for plugin files (\*.plugin)
- Syntax highlighting of DAI keywords for c files
- Plugin Segment completion
- Snippets for plugin-poing insertions in plugin and c files

<!-- For example if there is an image subfolder under your extension project workspace:

\!\[feature X\]\(images/feature-x.png\) -->

<!--  > Note: This extension is still in preview. -->

### Code Snippet - defining plugin point in plugin file

<p align="center">
  <br />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vivekvjn/dai-plugin/master/images/docs/plugin-point-define.gif" alt="Plugin Point - define" />
  <br />
</p>

### Code Snippet - inserting plugin point in C file

<p align="center">
  <br />
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vivekvjn/dai-plugin/master/images/docs/plugin-point-insert.gif" alt="Plugin Point - insert" />
  <br />
</p>

<!-- ## Requirements

TODO -->

## Coming Soon

- Code Intellisense in plugin files

<!-- ## Extension Settings

Include if your extension adds any VS Code settings through the `contributes.configuration` extension point.

For example:

This extension contributes the following settings:

* `myExtension.enable`: enable/disable this extension
* `myExtension.thing`: set to `blah` to do something
-->

<!-- ## Known Issues

Calling out known issues can help limit users opening duplicate issues against your extension.
-->

---

<!-- ## Working with Markdown

**Note:** You can author your README using Visual Studio Code.  Here are some useful editor keyboard shortcuts:

* Split the editor (`Cmd+\` on macOS or `Ctrl+\` on Windows and Linux)
* Toggle preview (`Shift+CMD+V` on macOS or `Shift+Ctrl+V` on Windows and Linux)
* Press `Ctrl+Space` (Windows, Linux) or `Cmd+Space` (macOS) to see a list of Markdown snippets

### For more information

* [Visual Studio Code's Markdown Support](http://code.visualstudio.com/docs/languages/markdown)
* [Markdown Syntax Reference](https://help.github.com/articles/markdown-basics/) -->

## For Contributors

### Release

This starts a git-flow release branch with recommened semver and bumps version number and updates changelog

```sh
npm run release
```
